About VuWall: Our Story | VuWall
This site uses cookies to ensure that you get the best online experience and to analyse our web traffic.
Review Cookie Policy
Accept
Decline
About VuWall
VuWall develops solutions to easily manage visual information on video walls and displays throughout facilities. Their state-of-the-art interoperable ecosystem of video wall controllers, encoders, and decoders is managed by their unique TRx Centralized Management Platform.
“
We are dedicated to bringing innovative technology to our customers to help them increase productivity and enhance their visualization experiences.”
Paul Vander Plaetse, Founder & CMO
Our solutions eliminate the complexities of traditional video wall control and signal distribution over IP. We have set a new industry benchmark in ease of use and deployment for
the most effective distribution of any source to any display
. We are consistently growing our technology partnerships to extend the interoperability of AV-over-IP deployments beyond our own ecosystem.
VuWall visualization solutions are deployed in a wide range of industries including corporate, utilities, transportation, government & defense, security, oil & gas, banking, and education. Our award-winning solutions power more than 5,000 video walls in some of the world’s most prestigious Fortune 500 control rooms and corporate workspaces in more than 45 countries.
Open Architecture
Ensuring seamless integration into existing AV/IT infrastructures.
Innovation
Our brilliant team of developers and designers are always ahead of the game.
Customer Feedback
We listen! Your feedback drives our development creating exceptional experiences.
Partnerships
We're focused on nurturing our partnerships. Together, we are better.
User Experience
World-class quality, service, and ease-of-use. Making it easy every step of the way!
Leadership Team
Thorsten Lipp
CEO
Paul Vander Plaetse
CMO
Nils Strauch
CFO
Eric Hénique
EVP International Sales
Mark Schmidt
CTO & CIO
Pierre-Yves Desbiens
COO & CFO, Americas
Leo Bull
CRO, Americas
Maryse Montagne
EVP Strategic Alliances
Anna Kozel
VP Marketing
Fadhl Al-Bayaty
VP R&D, Product Management
Our Story
2025
Acquired by Naxicap, VuWall, G&D, and Tritec Join Forces Bringing Best-of-Breed Control Room Solutions Globally
2024
VuWall celebrates 15 years of Innovation, Growth, and Success!
2023
VuWall establishes USA office. PSNI Alliance welcomes VuWall as a Global Preferred Vendor Partner.
2022
VuWall redefines AV-over-IP video walls with the launch of PAK . VuWall expands Canadian and German offices.
2021
VuWall invests in strategic partnerships with SDVoE, Netgear, Nanolumens while earning Samsung Certification.
2020
VuWall achieves ISO 9001:2015 for the quality management system (QMS).
VuWall surpasses 2000 customer installations.
VuWall introduces VuTrex Technology.
2019
Celebrating 10 years! VuWall merges Canadian & German offices, extending support globally and consolidating manufacturing in Germany, while software development remains in Canada.
2017-2018
VuWall deploys its 1000th project! VuWall delivers VMS integration with Genetec & Milestone.
2016
Launch of TRx — a unique AV network management solution. TRx Wins Best of Show Award at ISE.
2015
VuWall explodes with installations in more than 30 countries, including Fortune 500 companies and government agencies, powering some of the largest video walls in the world.
2014
VuWall opens office in Germany to support customers in the EMEA region.
2013
Launch of the VuWall2 software: a unique and complete solution bringing simplicity and modularity that the market was seeking with powerful features that simplify multi-surface display management.
2012
VuWall invests in an internal software development team to develop a new generation of video wall management software.
2011
VuWall goes international with projects in utility control rooms and network operating centers in the USA, Europe, Singapore and Taiwan.
2009
Paul founded VuWall to offer AV integrators a powerful solution for their video wall projects that was affordable and easy to implement.
SOC 2 Certification
We don’t compromise on security, especially when it comes to control rooms! VuWall has successfully completed the System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Type I attestation, for security. Our commitment to top-tier information security practices, policies, procedures, and operations has been independently audited and validated, with the support of
Strike Graph
. Experience peace of mind and performance excellence with our TRx management platform as it proudly showcases its SOC 2 Type I certification, in addition to the company’s information security practices, policies, procedures, and operations.
Learn more
Security Statement
Certification Program
VuWall offers a comprehensive CTS-accredited training for system designers, technical sales, consultants, and field and service technicians. The training is designed for qualified VuWall resellers who would like to design and service VuWall solutions. The training is offered several times each year at VuWall’s Montreal and Stuttgart locations or online. Resellers who complete the training can earn up to 12 renewal units (RUs) towards their AVIXA Certified Technology Specialist (CTS) certification.
Learn more
Register
ISO 9001:2015 Certification
VuWall has been awarded the ISO 9001:2015 certification for their quality management system supporting the production, operation, installation, and servicing of the company’s entire product line, installation and support services, as well as the company’s systems for continually improving those processes. “Our investment in this initiative shows our commitment to implementing quality-focused products and processes to deliver visualization solutions that meet the highest standards and respond to customer needs,” said Paul Vander Plaetse, CEO at VuWall. “We are 100% committed to customer satisfaction by providing a quality product in a timely manner and continuously maintaining that commitment,” said Mark Schmidt, CTO at VuWall in Germany.
Read Press Release
VuWall Headquarters
Corporate HQ
181 Hymus Blvd. Suite 301
Montreal, Quebec, H9R 5P4
Canada
sales@vuwall.com
Tel:
+1 (514) 505 4436
Contact Us
European HQ
Birnenweg 15
72766 Reutlingen
Germany
sales@vuwall.com
Tel:
+49 7121 76662 0
Contact Us
US Office
1000 Holcomb Woods Parkway, Suite 401
Roswell, GA, 30076
USA
sales@vuwall.com
Tel: +1
(844) 933 9255
Contact Us
UK Branch
Units 706-709 – 5th Floor, Salisbury House
29 Finsbury Circus
London, EC2M 5SQ
uk@vuwall.com
Tel:
+44 7576 009797
Contact Us
DUBAI BRANCH
Warehouse No. 4, Al Qusais
Industrial Area No. 5
P.O. Box 487146 Dubai, U.A.E
me@vuwall.com
Tel:
+971(0)43977730
Contact Us
SINGAPORE BRANCH
60 Anson Road #17-01
Singapore City, 079914
Singapore
apac@vuwall.com
Tel:
+65 9685 8807
Contact Us
Sales Offices
Montevideo
Latin America
latam@vuwall.com
London
UK & Ireland
uk@vuwall.com
Paris
France & North Africa
france@vuwall.com
Los Angeles, CA
usa@vuwall.com
Austin, TX
usa@vuwall.com
Des Moines, IA
usa@vuwall.com
Cape Town, South Africa
africa@vuwall.com
Dubai, UAE
me@vuwall.com
Singapore, SGP
apac@vuwall.com
Partners
Discover our network of partners all over the world.
Press Releases
Keep up with the latest news directly from our press room.
Resources
Get training, datasheets, technical support, and more.
Events
Join our webinars. Meet with us at upcoming events.
Follow us on LinkedIn for new and emerging AV insights!
VuWall is proud to be a Preferred Vendor Partner of the PSNI Global Alliance
Talk to a video wall expert! We’re here to help!
CONTACT US
VuWall and G&D are proudly operating under the same ownership. Learn more about G&D’s world-class KVM solutions.
Visit G&D
Close
Close
Close
Close
Close
Close
Close
Close
[ninja_form id=38]
×
[ninja_form id=34]
×
[ninja_form id=32]
×
[ninja_form id=27]
×
Close
[ninja_form id=21]
×
[ninja_form id=18]
×
[ninja_form id=16]
×
[ninja_form id=14]
×
[ninja_form id=13]
×