PAK 4K Video Wall Processor | Video Wall Controller | VuWall
This site uses cookies to ensure that you get the best online experience and to analyse our web traffic.
Review Cookie Policy
Accept
Decline
PAK Video Wall Processor
Distributed Video Wall and KVM Nodes
Get a Quote
Book a demo
Control your video wall and KVM station with distributed AV over IP
PAK
TM
is a compact, cost-effective video wall processor that can function as a standalone unit or be stitched with additional processors to build KVM operator stations and IP video walls of any size. PAK’s distributed video wall technology makes it ideal for multi-room visualization, situational awareness, control rooms, and corporate workspaces.
PAK Datasheet
Demo
Quote
What is a Video Wall Processor?
Here’s an in-depth look at how PAK simplifies modular video wall projects in AV-over-IP displays and control rooms. There is virtually no limit to the size of video wall that PAK can support without losing resolution.
Book a Demo
KVM
Control of remote sources with low latency
Secure
High security. No Windows updates.
Easy Maintenance
Easy to replace. Easy to troubleshoot.
High Performance
Up to 8x 4K or 32x HD decodes per node
Simple
Easy to configure. Easy to install. Easy to manage.
Versatile
Utmost flexibility and scalability. One node. Endless possibilities.
Reliable
Minimized impact of failure. 24/7 dependability.
Eco-Friendly
Smaller footprint. Low power consumption.
Centralized Management
Manage all your PAK nodes with award-winning TRx software – a single, common platform to manage all your video wall and AV distribution ecosystem.
Learn more about TRx.
Multi-Format Decoding
Decode a wide array of formats including H.264, VNC, NDI, proprietary streams and content from websites, dashboards, third-party SCADA, business analytics and social media feeds.
Distributed IP KVM for Dynamic Control
PAK KVM
is a TRx feature that allows control room operators to manage IP sources with their keyboard and mouse from any personal station or local display.
Touch Panel Control
Give operators the freedom to change layouts and control devices with a simple touch. Create fully customized panels from TRx’s web-based control panel designer, quickly and easily, without any programming skills.
Learn more
or
Watch Demo
PAK Workflow
PAK Applications
Control Rooms
Video Wall Control & KVM
Increasing productivity with powerful, easy to use technology.
Enterprise
Multi-Source Visualization
Bringing efficiency to meeting rooms and Security Operations Centers with productive collaboration.
Experience Centers
Versatile Display Management
Captivating visitors with unforgettable visual experiences.
Crisis Rooms
Unified Visualization
Making rapid, accurate and informed decisions.
Lobby Signage
Content Management & Distribution
Easily manage and distribute content throughout multi-site organizations.
Classrooms & Auditoriums
Presentation & Collaboration
Engage audiences with captivating visual content.
Get a demo
Get in touch
PAK Datasheet
Extend the Power of PAK
Application Server
Websites, Dashboards, Applications
Learn more
TRx
Centralized Management
Learn more
VuStream
Encoders
Learn more
Why PAK?
PAK is a networked, multi-decode video wall processor that can operate as a standalone device or be stitched with other PAKs to build KVM operator stations and IP-based video walls that are infinitely scalable. PAK simplifies video wall deployments by reducing the number of connections and eliminating a single point of failure, reducing project risk, and offering improved reliability. PAK features four HDp60 outputs or one 4Kp60 output and multiformat decoding up to 32 HD streams per device.
Interoperability in AV-over-IP Environments
Using PAK for video wall processing in AV-over-IP environments delivers a seamless interoperability and visualization of IP content, simplifying workflows and reducing the amount of hardware required. PAK is unique in supporting open-standard signals such as H.264, NDI, and VNC, making it a true AV-over-IP video wall solution.
PAK vs Traditional Video Wall Controllers
A peek behind today’s video walls reveals what it takes to currently install them — an incredible amount of expensive hardware and lengthy cable runs snaking from overcrowded racks. In addition, they can take many hours to deploy, leading installers to ask: am I really profiting? VuWall has employed its years of video wall engineering expertise to define an innovative approach for deploying and managing video walls in AV-over-IP environments with the launch of PAK. PAK is a compact appliance that simplifies video wall deployments.
Unlike traditional video wall systems, it’s extremely easy to build video walls with PAK. Whether the deployment is large or small, all that’s required are PAK appliances. To increase the size of a video wall, simply add a PAK. The only spare component needed to keep in stock is the PAK, reducing inventory costs and project complexity. Integrators can level up their service while greatly improving ROI for video wall installations of any size.
While traditional video wall controllers lack the flexibility and simplicity to scale and integrate multiple displays, PAK video wall controllers are user-friendly and offer the ability to expand a video wall far easier than the traditional method while also being able to distribute and display
any source on any display
. Traditional video wall controllers often rely on complicated wiring, requiring a multitude of different connections, whereas PAK video wall systems require only a display source and power source, allowing for easy installation and maintenance. PAK video wall controllers also work independently from one another, if a single PAK node fails, only the displays connected to that node will fail, while the whole system continues to work.
Centralized Management
PAK features up to four HDp60 outputs or one 4Kp60 output and multiformat decoding up to 32 HD streams per device, including H.264, NDI, PNG, JPEG and VNC/remote desktops or virtualized browsers. As part of VuWall’s ecosystem, PAK is managed by the company’s award-winning
TRx software platform
. Easy to set up and configure, PAK is perfectly designed for multi-room visualization, situational awareness, control rooms and corporate workspaces. Its eco-friendly design boasts a compact form factor and low power consumption. PAK is small enough to be mounted behind monitors, saving rack space, and reducing extended video cable runs.
Certifications & Awards
PAK is fully certified with Samsung’s latest display technology,
The Wall.
View the latest certification of PAK with Samsung’s The Wall ensuring that PAK delivers a seamless interoperability and an optimized visualization experience with The Wall MicroLED Displays.
PAK was launched at ISE 2022 and already picked up two “Best of Show” awards at
ISE
and
InfoComm
2022.
VuWall is proud to be a Preferred Vendor Partner of the PSNI Global Alliance
Talk to a video wall expert! We’re here to help!
CONTACT US
VuWall and G&D are proudly operating under the same ownership. Learn more about G&D’s world-class KVM solutions.
Visit G&D
Close
Close
Close
Close
Close
Close
Close
Close
[ninja_form id=38]
×
[ninja_form id=34]
×
[ninja_form id=32]
×
[ninja_form id=27]
×
Close
[ninja_form id=21]
×
[ninja_form id=18]
×
[ninja_form id=16]
×
[ninja_form id=14]
×
[ninja_form id=13]
×
Close
Close
Close