TRx: Centralized Video Wall Management Platform | VuWall
This site uses cookies to ensure that you get the best online experience and to analyse our web traffic.
Review Cookie Policy
Accept
Decline
TRx Platform
Centralized Video Wall Management Software
Get a Quote
Book a demo
Video Wall Management & KVM Operations Made Simple
TRx is unique in combining advanced multi-video wall management, KVM operations and AV distribution in a single platform. TRx is used to configure, manage and distribute virtually any source type to any display with an easy drag-and-drop and no programming.
TRx Datasheet
Interoperable
Compatible with 3rd party brands. Supports H.264, H.265, SDVoE, SRT, and more.
Ease of Use
Easy drag & drop operations to configure & operate all your devices.
Reduce Risk
No programming required to reduce deployment time in the field.
Flexible & Scalable
Buy only what you need. TRx grows as your installation expands.
Workflow
Touch Panel Control
Give operators the freedom to change layouts and control devices with a simple touch. Create fully customized panels quickly and easily without any programming skills.
Learn more
IP KVM Technology
Share access to critical information between personal workstations, local displays, and the main control room video wall. Boost productivity and make faster decisions with PAK KVM capabilities.
Learn more
SOC 2 Certification
We don’t compromise on security, especially when it comes to control rooms. The TRx management platform is fully SOC 2 Type II compliant. Our commitment to top-tier information security practices, policies, procedures, and operations has been independently audited and validated.
Learn more
Security
VuWall is dedicated to maintaining the highest level of security for the company, its products, and services. With SOC 2 certification, TAA compliance, NDAA compliance, ISO 9001, AES encrypted video streams, and user rights management, VuWall delivers peace of mind.
Learn more
Awards
TRx
is the proud recipient of many industry awards. Recognized for drastically improving operator response times and efficiency with its flexible and easy-to-use platform, TRx is powering thousands of video walls in control rooms globally. VuWall is committed to creating AV-over-IP solutions that further the simplicity, scalability and interoperability that integrators and organizations require.
Our innovation and hard work continues to meet and exceed the expectations our customers.
We are grateful for this recognition.
VIEW ALL AWARDS
TRx Applications
Control Rooms
Video Wall Control & KVM
Increasing productivity with powerful, easy to use technology.
Enterprise
Multi-Source Visualization
Bringing efficiency to meeting rooms and Security Operations Centers with productive collaboration.
Experience Centers
Versatile Display Management
Captivating visitors with unforgettable visual experiences.
Crisis Rooms
Unified Visualization
Making rapid, accurate and informed decisions.
Lobby Signage
Content Management & Distribution
Easily manage and distribute content throughout multi-site organizations.
Classrooms & Auditoriums
Presentation & Collaboration
Engage audiences with captivating visual content.
Advanced TRx Features
Centralized Web-Based Management
Manage and control the system with any standard browser from anywhere on the network. No software to install.
Advanced Video Wall Management
Control and manipulate content on any video wall with
easy drag-and-drop.
Open any source, move it, resize it, crop it or zoom. Send layouts to any other wall.
Advanced Multi-Display Visualization
Display pristine-quality content from any source to any display type, whether LCD, LED, or projector, of any size and any aspect ratios.
Easy Drag-and-Drop
Manage all AV experience through easy drag-and-drop, from source configuration and routing to advanced video wall management.
IP KVM Control
KVM devices can be fully integrated, controlled and used in TRx. Enhanced features include private mode and USB device switching.
VMS Plugin for Genetec & Milestone
Operators can manage video wall controllers and other AVoIP devices directly from Genetec Security Center or Milestone XProtect interfaces without switching applications
Video Wall Stitching
Build unlimited-sized video walls by stitching multiple PAK video wall nodes . The stitching feature brings an increased processing scalability, flexibility and redundancy.
Source Management
Manage all sources quickly and efficiently with intuitive UI. Sort, filter, preview mode, etc. Supports wide range of IP streams, HDMI, DP, and HD-SDI sources, Windows applications, screen captures, pictures, videos, websites, and documents.
User Rights Management
Administrators can fine-tune permissions to individual users or groups with or without Active Directory. Access restrictions can be set on floors, zones, sources and displays.
Audio Management
Manage audio controls for all encoders, decoders and video wall controllers including physical inputs and browsers.
Powerful Scripting Tools
Built-in tool to easily create custom macro-commands and automate a series of tasks such as commands to manipulate layouts and triggers or control external devices.
Secure Data
All data transmitted between the TRx web server and the HTML5 client is fully encrypted with TLS 1.2. Sources and IP streams are secured with 128-bit AES encryption. Proudly, SOC 2 certified.
Carousel/Source Touring
Ideal for security monitoring, the Carousel feature provides a designated window to show one source at a time for a specified amount of time before displaying the next source in the carousel list.
Supported Devices
TRx supports VuWall’s VuStream series of encoders, VuWall’s VuScape & PAK video wall processors, G&D KVM switches, Matrox Maevex, and SRT encoders/decoders.
Redundancy & Availability
Ensure full availability and control of your visualization infrastructure with redundancy and High Availability (HA) options.
Get a demo
Get a quote
TRx Datasheet
Complementary Solutions to TRx
Need to process video wall content?
PAK
Video Wall & KVM Nodes
Learn more
Need to deliver content across your network?
VuStream
Encoders
Learn more
Need video wall control at your fingertips?
ControlVu
Touch Panel
Learn more
Automate monitoring with color detection
Color Detection Server
Learn more
VuWall is proud to be a Preferred Vendor Partner of the PSNI Global Alliance
Talk to a video wall expert! We’re here to help!
CONTACT US
VuWall and G&D are proudly operating under the same ownership. Learn more about G&D’s world-class KVM solutions.
Visit G&D
Close
Close
Close
Close
Close
Close
Close
Close
[ninja_form id=38]
×
[ninja_form id=34]
×
[ninja_form id=32]
×
[ninja_form id=27]
×
Close
[ninja_form id=21]
×
[ninja_form id=18]
×
[ninja_form id=16]
×
[ninja_form id=14]
×
[ninja_form id=13]
×
Close
Close
Close